## Primary sources

If you do not believe in God or if your religion is not Christianity, do not rush to close the program. I believe you did not come here by accident, and you too will be interested in what God wants to say to people.

The Book of Revelation is a book for all Christians. Jesus Christ Himself delivered this message. And from the very first lines, it is stated Who it is from, to whom it is addressed, and how to properly handle it. This program has been created to help all Christians, regardless of denomination, understand this book. This may seem difficult, and considering the differences in doctrines, cultures, customs, generations, and even Bible translations, almost impossible. And in order to overcome all these differences accumulated over 2,000 years, let us try to get as close as possible to the time when the book was written. To this end, we will try to begin with reading a text that is as close as possible to the original. As primary sources for the text, we will choose all the papyri and uncials containing the words of the Book of Revelation in its original language. There are actually not so many of them: only 7 papyri and 11 uncials. I believe that God governs which sources of the Book of Revelation, and to what extent, were meant to be preserved in order to bear witness to His Revelation.

> «Blessed is he that readeth, and they that hear the words of this prophecy, and keep those things which are written therein: for the time is at hand.» (Rev 1:3)
